all right let's go come on come on
novalee nation thought they were leaving
home for a better life but she's about
to discover if you're gonna wind up
broke and abandon
[Music]
there are worse places to stay than this
the mind trouble they can arrest me
you're a big celebrity everybody wants
to talk to the mother of the Walmart
baby
what was it all hype no belief as you
I'd rule out a career in broadcastin I
call my kids after snack foods brownie
praline cherry and the Baby Ruth one of
your kids is on the phone which one Pez
Twinkie mom and we ask forgiveness Lord
for there will be that mr. sprock and me
committed on this very table amen
I hope you don't think this kid's gonna
call me grandma mama so where is the
creep with a Jag Pickens you didn't even
have to make that up did you
you want me to play I have goosebumps
already music I know that Willie Jack
walked out on you but that's what makes
him trash not here he musta forney you
know his great-grandfather was governor
of Maine Oh a big date or something no
no more men at all Warren he's in love
with you four knees different formats he
went to college are you trying to say
that you're not good enough fun I was
thinking I could maybe be a photographer
you don't have me laughing here we go a
bit
[Music]
you are the best friend I've ever had
but do you love me
nobody ever taught novalee nation what
life was all about she had to learn it
by heart
we got missing but we've got good mess
too and the only thing worth living for
us again from the best-selling novel
where the heart is you know maybe it was
a bad idea to tuck in the shirts
[Music]